---
layout: post
category : about
tagline: "Supporting tagline"
tags : [intro, 101project, about, RTFM]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

# 101 Project

So .. That’s it! .. We just graduated! Now? Well, let us explain:

We decided to create a solution to help lazy people (like us but somebody has to do it), resolving a common issue among all the students in our institution: the looong lines while printing. Yes, we still print our assignments! D= ! We still try to avoid’em … But.. You know… School …

Back to the point… Who can stand being hours making lines to print your one page assignment ? And then, because of that, you arrive late to class, the teacher says no more homeworks are welcome, and you just complain and curse the printing service, but that doesn’t help at all… Why? Cause you still got a zero in your essay resumed in staying all night trying to make it cool… Too bad … If I only had an alternative way to print….

A place where I can print remotely, no worries about spending hours in lines, make payments before I print so I don’t have to waste time doing it, and then we thought… well if we can make things easier, why don’t do something to make it happens… at least for our friends… and we said… hell yeah!! let’s do it!! =D

But this isn’t the end of our story… We’re not just helping everyone else making their lives easier, we are going to gain a little bit too… A little of a lot. First of all, we can say that fun is an important factor to this project, obviously it isn’t all, no one lives of fun.. Then we believe that all the stuff that we’ll learn will help to make our future easier, only in some part.. It’s the beginning of a lifetime… Also, if everything goes the way we expect and better, we will have a functional idea, from which we can start getting a little of this stuff that helps us all… you know… ( $ ) … but that’s not our objective. The important thing will be making our project work, while we get experience and tons of learning, that way, the real life won’t be that hard.. hopefully .. *

Fortunately, we have the help of two of our teachers, two great persons that made our lives a little less than a hell, hahaha just kidding, and they will guide us through all the way to complete our goal, correcting us with the methodology (scrum), helping us with the code (python) and teaching us what is the best way to make our services run (AWS)

We want to say thanks to them because without them, maybe we weren’t doing this… And thanks to their expertise, we have confidence in finish our homework… Again =(

Finally, we want to introduce ourselves. To make this a little bit funnier Paco will say something about me.. and I’ll say something about him…. if this is the first and last post, that means we said too much… haha..

Well… what can I say about Paco? .. (Paco is for Francisco.. ), [in all this years since we met, (like .. almost five years), I’ve categorized him as a “Cholo” ..nut if you look for it.. it’s not in wikipedia.. maybe looking at it as an urban culture ] … Well.. i first met him the first day of college… Since then I’ve realized a lot of things about him…. well.. He is definitely a very good choice to team up with.. why do I say this? .. Well, all the energy that he shows is something that keeps you energetic too! .. but that’s not it.. we help to each other and he certainly listens whatever you may say… so we decide the route our work take together.. so no problems there. Well, I’m not gonna lie, he also likes a lot going out… and even so, he is very responsible and takes action when its needed. His apportations always help and his opinion are relevant in every situation. Some may not like the way he says some things, ‘cause he is really direct, but I see that the other way I think it’s a valuable gift.

Alfonso is a guy who thinks himself as a rockstar, just because he plays drums, but… I have to admit it, he plays it very well… he’s very enthusiastic, I’ve seen him practice for hours, not only for drums, but also for everything he proposes… and one of the reasons why I’m working with him it’s because he gets the job done, he has a very good attitude with others and has an excellent sense of humor… so it makes your day lighter… we have been friends about five years and I just heard from him about 4 curses, is he polite? I don’t think so… maybe… who knows… but what I can surely say it’s I’ll enjoy this project because I have a very good co-worker and friend…
